Clarify that you should not use App Registrations Object ID (#91926)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cost-management-billing/manage/assign-roles-azure-service-principals.md

You must identify and use the Enterprise application object ID where you granted the EA role. If you use the Object ID from some other application, API calls will fail. Verify that you’re using the correct Enterprise application object ID.

> If you receive the error below when making your API call, then you may be incorrectly using the SPN object ID value located in App Registrations. To resolve this error, ensure you are using the SPN object ID from Enterprise Applications, not App Registrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive the following error when making your API call, then you may be incorrectly using the SPN object ID value located in App Registrations. To resolve this error, ensure you're using the SPN object ID from Enterprise Applications, not App Registrations.
```
